Christine: I would say that going
online, if it changes what
you're able to do, it makes the
difference between being able to
go to school and not being able
to go to school, you should
absolutely do it.
And there's never a better time
to start then now.
I'm Christine Watts and I earned
my degree online at
Elizabethtown, Community and
Technical College.
My husband was in the army, and
we got stationed out here at
Fort Knox. And then after he
decided to get out off of active
duty and switch to the reserve
units, we decided to stay
because we liked the area. What
probably led me to ECTC first
was the fact that my husband
actually signed up for school
first. And then once he started
looking into it, I started
looking into the classes
available as well. For me and my
experience, it's literally a
chance to start over again. You
know, I dropped out of college
at 18 years old, I got married,
I had five children. And for me
it was a stepping stone to get
back softly into being a student
again. So the flexibility really
gave me the opportunity to take
care of my family at a level
where they weren't missing me,
but still furthering myself. But
I do believe that the way ECTC
is set up, it's very inviting.
When you join the program and
you get enrolled, they send you
text messages, they're like,
hey, it's enrollment time. This
is what we can do for you. Hey,
we just started the semester.
Have you made contact with your
professors? They check in with
you and they make sure that
you're set up for success
through the entire program. You
can feel it in the way they set
up their programs that they want
you to succeed